Add k8s settings: prefer-closest-numa-nodes and max-allowable-numa-nodes (#117)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-settings-sdk: bottlerocket-settings-models/CHANGELOG.md

- See [unreleased changes here]

[unreleased changes here]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-settings-sdk/compare/bottlerocket-settings-models-v0.22.0...HEAD

## [0.22.0] - 2026-03-30

## Model Changes

### Added

> - Added support for `topology-manager-policy-options` kubernetes settings `prefer-closest-numa-nodes` and `max-allowable-numa-nodes` ([#117])

Reviewer: I don't understand this line. Shouldn't it be:

```suggestion
Add support for  `prefer-closest-numa-nodes` and `max-allowable-numa-nodes` in Kubernetes' Topology Manager Policy options
```

- Added `KubernetesMaxAllowableNumaNodesValue` constrained integer type
- Added `KubernetesTopologyManagerPolicyOptions` struct

> 

Reviewer 2: nit: We can remove these lines as these are implementation details. Users of changelog only care about the settings.

Author: True. Updated!
